Mimi will be home before six
I will start working at 10:30
Matt will make a custom widget for rating
This change will cause comments to be auto enabled
THIS change will cause comments to be auto enabled
Mimi will be home before 8
I will fix the 5 star issue by Saturday
A movement for universal income will grow to national attention by 2035
The world will struggle to create jobs while it becomes able to provide for itself with less manpower
We'll make it to the gym by 10am today
My dying words will be "My only regret is not eating more chocolate"
Something akin to information theory will arise to explain the physical boundaries of prediction.
Within 7 years, LENR will be considered the de facto future fuel source for humanity.
My predictive behavior will change as I learn about my own prescience score.
Tesla will be as big as Apple is now by 2025
#hashtags will be used by Custer content within the system
instead of a widget, machine learning and a hashtag like language will convey all necessary info
A religion is akin to a Human OS
An idea can be a prediction if it is an unverified thought
Statements of veracity are predictions that can be verified.
Any statement that can be verified is a prediction
Jeff Hawkins research will be somewhat vindicated in the future
Industrial Heat, Brillouin and Clean Planet will have the most success out of the current LENR companies. 
I will eat chocolate in a minute
Repeating a message with a separate symbol set greatly increases chances of a complex message being transmitted accurately
Apple will make a shit ton of money after releasing the iWatch
I will eventually know someone more famous than Boxes
https://medium.com/@RickWebb/the-economics-of-star-trek-29bab88d50
Personal freedom and enrichment are important to the success of a society.
My sickness will be 100% gone by tomorrow morning
#Commandments Thou shalt not be a dick
I will get up before 9:30 tomorrow
Q: What are the requirements for a document to be well understood by any potential sufficiently conscious unit?
Hobby Lobby decision may have unexpected positive results for Cognicism
Prophet could be the ultimate science tool
Foresight is a better name than Prescience
Small goverments (community sized) have sufficient structural regulation to remain dedicated to the community it governs
Matt has a more optimistic view of the future than Patrick 
Prophet in it's most basic form is a quintessential representation of a "Cognitive App" 
Q: Is patrick currently getting notifications for comments on his posts?
Q: Is # equal to "context" in the current system?
S: Back to work
Any verifiable statement can be evaluated in the present and then at a future time to determine relative foresight score
I need a context to specifically make plans about Yodlee work. This should improve my performance at work in general.
Any one can make infinite contexts. Context arises when you’ve used hashtag multiple times
#feature longer text boxes damnit. 
It seems easier to make strings of predictions and then rate them in bunches later. Hence need for a widget to rate.
#feature forethought,  four thought, for thought
#feature forethought - Four predictive statements in squares are click sequential to rank by likeliness.
#feature four forethoughts for thought can be used to generate equivalent foresight scores which users then adjust. 
#jargon thought vs forethought
Thought vs Forethought 
#jargon thought, prediction, forethought, foresight
Four Thoughts for Thought - Four Forethoughts for Thought
#ui Q: Larger prediction box? 
Q: Can we log and chart the production rate of content per day? 
Define: Context - any collection of statements or predictions related to the same topic
Scientists will love the shit out of this
Research Task: Context synonyms
#tags + groups + circles + lists + subreddits = Concept: Context 
Contexts can be bounded by users, private, or public
Multiline predictions are equivalent to contexts
A context is a set of users with access, a page containing related predictions, and a #tag that encompasses the context 
In the Drupal Context: context would be equivalent to realms and node grants
Thought : Forethought = Speak the Truth : Prophesize
Jeff Hawkins jargon may be useful in defining some jargon for Prophet. Rough analogue concepts on context. 
http://redditmetrics.com/r/Futurology
#tenet live open science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip_ElRKNTUQ
http://www.thevenusproject.com/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bposG6XHXvU
http://robohub.org/dont-laugh-the-new-google-prototype-car-has-implications-for-your-business/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOdHf2qiPoc&src_vid=CqSDWoAhvLU&feature=iv&annotation_id=annotation_1570177763
Dermarollers will be widely used in home use by 2035
Microgrids will be hugely important in the energy systems of the future. 
IBM will be significantly important in the coming Cognitive Computing Era
A man should place 50% of his energy towards himself and 50% towards his community. The inverse is also true.
Symbol meaning is contingent upon context
Building towers of knowledge requires a firm foundation
I will start working again between 6:00 and 7:00
@patch615 http://amultiverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/2012-03-13-Kittens-In-A-Barrel.png
http://www.usnews.com/news/slideshows/in-1964-us-news-predicted-the-future-see-how-well-we-did
Perhaps need a Share button as well as a Predict button... Or statement.
I will live to at least a healthy 105
By 2050 USPS will no longer deliver mail
#empiricism + #agnosticism + informationTheory = #cognicism
Gnosticism is fundamentally incompatible with Cognicism
I will reread On Intelligence after finishing The Information
Prophet will ultimately end up at prophet.vision (just purchased)
Boyhood will be nominated for Best Picture (Oscars 2015)
Richard Linklater would have a high foresight score if he used this site.
In the future a mythbusters-type show will go to the moon with 1969 level technology to prove it could be done
Patrick will use Prophet again sometime this weekend, between 11pm and 2am
We are either in or going into a "bronze" or "silver" age of movies in regards to quality. 
By the end of 2014 there will be significantly more 90% + rated movies (rotten tomatoes) than 2013. 
With the advent of VR, movie theaters will be a harder and harder sell. 
Core Prophet tech will be made open source within 7 years of incorporation.
I will never sell majority ownership of Prophet. 
Patrick's kids, and my kids will be friends one day
By 2030, there will be a major shift to indoor farming, in multilevel "skyscrapers" 
By 2035 a growing minority of Americans would consider China a pretty nice place to live.
By 2035 America will no longer be considered the de facto world super power, but that title will be largely insignificant 
By 2060 there will be a thriving space industries that involves primarily resource collection. 
By 2060, the death penalty will be illegal federally in the United States
By 2060 there will be more of a human presence on the Moon than on Mars
To really get the full features out of prophet, we need someone who disagrees with us more. 
By 2040 kids will think it's weird that people used to own cars
#locke Israel and Palestine will come to a mutually liked peace agreement by 2050
Patrick will never be able to take or give a dick because of size constraints.
By 2025 most screens will be "cast only” devices
By 2025 screens will be increasingly detatched from local computing
LENR will have some unexpected negative effects
By 2025 search engines will be able to understand the meaning of a question posed
At the core of Prophet will be a search engine
Each Prophet post should contain a verifiable claim 
Each Prophet post should contain a verifiable claim 
Need to fix double posts
Information is fundamental
#words reflection
Stressful situations will be marked by decreased prediction and more reflection
A reflection is an idea restated in a different context
A synthesis of reflections in different contexts encapsulates a concept
#words context reflection concept prediction statement question
#words foresight vision perspective 
All conscious beings view the same reality in different contexts
A single word introduced into a different context can have an igniting effect
Cannabis encourages more peaceful relationships between conscious individuals
I will one day implement my smart shuffle concept for music discovery
branching is fundamental structure
Some thoughts are limited by vocabulary
Alt-J would have high foresight scores
Sparse Distributed Representations
The Middle Path
How does an idea differ from a thought?
I exist. Others exist.
Demosthenes will be well embodied by Patrick
Patrick is particularly prescient right now for some reason
Life can be significantly improved through software
#commandments interact with other units
 #commandment Make thy information larger
Life is quantifiable
Matt will finish pooping within 3 minutes
Weird Al will be the one true prophet
I will develop a functional 7th layer before 2018
People with Aspergers can speak well, but they can't communicate well. 
Thoughts are easy, words are hard.
Information is a reflection, or downsampling of a previous state of existence. 
Consciousness is common, the ability to express to other conscious beings that notion is uncommon. 
Comprehension of consciousness is rare, but consciousness is common. 
Prophet will inherit features of Buddhism
Memes are the informational equivalent of genes
Information is a reflection of reality
There are many localized paths of least resistance. A global path of least resistance is unknowable
We will write about our experiences building Prophet
Identical collections of words can mean contrary things in different contexts
All physical things embody information
Consciousness can be thought of as fluctuations within a field of information
Information and Consciousness can be quantified and defined relative to the human context.
 A renaissance is akin to a chemical reaction, albeit within the field of information
We are all minute models of the universe, represented in information
#Commandment Make thy information larger
Cantaloupe is not a good fruit
Thought processes are physical 
Genetics, social transmission of information, and mental structures can be well described by a single mental model
It's easier to predict first and then rate later
A single bit of information can represent multiple pieces of information depending on the context in which it is interpreted
Stating a thought succinctly increases chance of reception by an external conscious unit
Prophet will result in the creation of new words
We need a short hand for philosophy
Prophet needs infinite scroll 
Definitions of words used in Prophet should be well displayed
Seers should somehow be able to make collections of thoughts
Prophet must be simple and bug free
It's time to design
Thoughts should attempt to express an idea though a statement or prediction, as well as additional content via link
By 2020 there will be a fashion search engine that takes multiple images of clothes and collectively outputs similar items
The word design in an unrelated context triggered the preceding prediction in the context of fashion
Statements are more common than predictions
A light purple row represents that a thought is a prediction
When a statement is made it goes directly to the stream of consciousness. 
When predict is clicked the prediction box will animate to a more dynamic and appealing look
Prophet, Pi, 7th Layer, and Sync to Sunrise may all merge into one Life OS someday
Predictions require the collection of additional data
Thoughts, Statements, Reflections, Predictions. Are there any other necessary nouns to incorporate?
We should create a list of the language we plan to assimilate to define this project
Patrick will like the new verbage on the site
When not predictive, reflect
Predict, State, Ask are necessary buttons for main content block
Thoughts, Statements, Reflections, Predictions, Questions? 
State is the default option and should take the least effort to do. 
We will tend to rate our own predictions more when we wish others to reflect upon them
Now it's functional
This is now functional... it just looks shitty
Predict is the most useful type of content
Patrick will make comments on each of the new words used within the site.
Prophet could suggest thoughts based on questions a user has asked
Metaphor is beautiful
Conscious collective is a righteous term
Conscious collective is a righteous term
Glitches share some similarly with sparks
Machine learning will be heavily integrated in Prophet
Streams should be read from top to bottom
As of this moment this is my longest conscious stream
I am a conscious individual and a conscious collective
The thought builds itself
Prophet is a very good thinking and discourse tool
Some truths express themselves unknowingly
Metaphor is my boy
Feedback, signal and noise are useful words
Prophet is how the past communicates to the future
A set of thoughts is called...?
When younger, our perception is less bound to reality, but we lack the language to communicate it.
I will one day be referred to as a Polymath
In three weeks, Andy will talk to me again about Prophet
In three weeks I'll be ready to show Prophet to Andy 
Andy will be intrigued by Prophet
Andy asking to talk about Prophet again in 3 weeks unintentionally was the best way to explain Prophet
Eventually we will be able to parse temporally bound streams of thoughts automatically by examining timestamps
This is me communicating to Andy in the future. I shouldn't need to clarify too much. 
I will specifically make a page to show andy the concept of thought streams, but the feature itself won't be ready
We will use Prophet as a personal cognitive tool before we reveal it to the public
The next person we will contact about Prophet will be Kevin. 
This stream of thoughts will make Andy remember being sick
This stream of thoughts will cause Andy to recall our conversion just prior to now
Matt will go back to work within 5 minutes
I will not filter or remove thoughts from this stream for presentation to Andy
Andy will notice the context changes between an individual thought stream
The next step is to get Andy an account and for him to start making predictions and statements. 
Prophet can be used as a writing tool
2015 will mark the beginning of a new creative renaissance
I could currently be referred to as a renaissance developer
I am part of the "Creative Class"
I am a philomath
LENR will revolutionize space flight
Google has underestimated the impact of health tracking and will have to play catchup
Apple has underestimated the value of contextual information and will have to play catch up
The physical brain accounts for the majority of thought and choice
The concept of philosophical zombie is feasible
Quantum effects in the human brain lead to consciousness. 
Small numbers of neural units can be entangled.
I will start work at 10:30
Cognitive apps will have a greater impact than neural implants
I will marry Mimi
I won't be drunk tomorrow
I won't be hungover tomorrow
This workout will be easier than the last one
By August 9th I'll weigh 162
We'll be able to use machine learning to discern statements predictions and questions
We'll be able to autoparse dates by launch
Patrick will realize my phone died
Fossil fuels will be the primary source of energy in 2050
By September my skin show noticeable improvements from using the dermarollers
By September my skin show noticeable improvements from using the dermarollers
There is a cosmological significance to the number 7
We will need 16000 thoughts before we can do useful machine learning
Will there be Cognicist priests?
Use of technology is making us dumber, but only if viewed in context in which we currently perceive intelligence
People will become addicted to Prophet
We will start to make more predictions that we are less confident about
The girl that @patch615 marries will have a name that starts with the letter K
Questions won't show a foresight rating widget
Prophet is building itself in multiple mediums
Prophet will attempt to identify the origin of specific thoughts
A delta is when a stream of consciousness branches off in a new direction
Prophet will utilize a new way to display time
When you post a prediction prophet will recommend other predictions made about that time frame
Prophet will utilize graph network or brain influenced design
China will engage in a tree planting initiative by 2020
When not predictive reflect
LENR will produce literal global warming due to the sudden decreased need for energy efficiency
We should have a post counter on the main page
Accurate translation is righteous
Humans are akin to optimization algorithms
The word righteous will work its way back into the English language
Fetch will totally happen
The idea thought builds itself
An idea is a novel thought
The thought builds itself
Reading someone's  mind is when you watch another persons thought stream live
Your "mind" is akin to your profile. That's where you build out information in the site relative to you.
The Life OS will consist of a set of generalized multi platform widgets
Prophet will incorporate under the name LifeOS
An idea is a novel thought
China will implement a Hyperloop type transportation system by 2045
Prophet's launch will include a smart watch version that only supports making thoughts via voice to text
A resource based economy is only feasible in a closed system (single planet)
A collection of Patrick's Cognicist myths will be published within the next 15 years
I will fix the training dataset for meerkat tomorrow
Mimi will get at least an A- on her test tomorrow
William will try to steal the Prophet idea
William will tell others about Prophet even though I explicitly told him not to
William will deny fault
Telling William was a mistake
William is Judas
Don't mix family and business.
Prophet is cerebral now but won't be at launch
People will post significantly more thoughts to the desktop version than the mobile version
People will rate more using the mobile version
Put will into the limb
The past is hell, the future is heaven
The left to the community, the right to the self
William catalyzed my use of Private thoughts.
Users must enable us to save private thoughts on our servers
Private thoughts on Prophet need to be truly private. In that users control the storage location. Default is local storage. 
Matt will get dressed immediately
Dr. Suess was a righteous man
When not predictive, reflect
I will finish the new dataset for the interns tonight
The US didn't learn its lesson from the 2008 financial crisis.
Until the glass-steagal act is reinstated we are at risk of another financial crisis
Religion is never a satisfactory reason for discrimination of a minority group
Humans are filled with hubris
There already is a collective consciousness and scizophrenics can hear its voice(s)
Each human has multiple conscious centers but we can only perceive one as "Me" at a given moment
The collective consciousness that is the US is a dick
For some reason my predictions are more negative lately
Mania and depression are highly correlated with how one rates their own predictions
New ideas are the main fuel source of predictions
Matt will have another "dark time" within the next ten years, but he will make it through because of Mimi
Knowledge is the most valuable currency
Al Franken will run for president in 2028
The idea will lead the way
"If it is unpredictable, it produces a great deal of information"
The first AI I build will be modeled on great teachers
lifeOS will produce a tutorbot
Education leads the way
lifeOS will produce products that enable communities.
By 2030 there will be a large lucid dreaming trend
I will hack my brain
Patrick will love the Who Am I podcast
iTime will not have a round watchface
a digital consciousness would be inherently human because all training data is human
Google Fiber will be a major competitor to Comcast in 10 years
Rise and greet the day
#lyric "So sang the moon"
#passagerite Rewrite your communities moral document (bible or otherwise) in your generations jargon
Write your own story
#words #cognicism #syncretism
Tom would find Prophet intriguing
Pursue knowledge 
#Idea machine learning project to identify contradictions in US law
Prophet will display predictions rated highly by the author more often to other users.
"Prioritize based on impact" - Heather Sevrens (restated)
By 2030, most devices will be completely cordless
By 2045 there will be augmented reality enabled by contact lenses that display images
We are going into an age dominated by machine learning and AI
"Time is money. Money is power. Power is pizza. Pizza is knowledge. Let's go." - April Ludgate
By 2030, drinking alcohol will be legal in driverless cars without steering wheels
Patrick and Heather will prefer the new theme
Can we deploy machine learning models on users machines to alleviate privacy concerns while maintaining access to features?
I will use ConvNetJS on Prophet
A user is no different than a context
I will use Prophet for every future personal idea I have
Two ideas can interact in explosive ways
Thoughts exist in short term memory, ideas exist in long term memory. Ideas can be loaded as thoughts.
Contexts not hashtags
I'm currently having a thought river
Rating should be done in reflection, not at thought time. 
Truth is relative to perspective
#phrase The color of consciousness
I'm always searching for the most efficient mental algorithm
Prophet will enable users to maintain their content solely on their physical device, regardless of platform.
Public and Private are top two levels of context
The theme change triggered the new idea set
Context change stimulates production of new ideas
What is pleasure? 
There's something to the reflection idea, but I haven't nailed it yet
Compass of stars for foresight widget
A context is a set of ideas through which you see other ideas
Why does *thinking* something cause pleasure?
Why are there "dangerous" thinking patterns? (need to define dangerous)
The Cognitive Revolution is coming
Data has value if it is predictive
I need to set up charts to track predictions over time
Need to upgrade to Universal Analytics in Google Analytics
In the context of consciousness, what is pain? What are we perceiving? 
A user is basically betting foresight points
Repeat good ideas
When not predictive, reflect
One of the buttons, should be an input box, ready to create a new button.
Data scientists will LOVE this site
What are dangerous thinking patterns?
"The universe is computing its own destiny"
Wikipedia is righteous
The Wikipedia route might be the right direction for Prophet
I will still be using Prophet, or something similar at 40
The root of your tree is your "you"
Prophet learns the branches of your tree by analyzing common words used in your post
If words are said together ofter, they're related
When you sign up you create a "you" which is the root of your tree.
A user on Prophet starts as a "who"
Breaking a neural dam causes a flood
"Breaking a neural dam"
We like floods. A lot.
A sudden string of prophetic statements is a flood.
#Right the ability to keep information private from others
If the majority of whos disagree with a who's predictions, why did the who think it was true?
You are a who
First a who, then a you
You can't be a you without a name
I will have a credit card at the end of 2014
I will use the "who" myth in the signup process
Prophets target audience is innovators for content creation
We are attempting to quantify thought
Prophet is a thought tool
When not predictive, reflect
Modify as necessary 
Repeat good thoughts. 
A dissonance of votes between author and peers suggests a lack of understanding
A who will try to speak the truth. 
We are attempting to capture and organize all thoughts presented to Prophet by a who. 
A who will try to speak the truth.
A who will try to speak the truth.
What is the middle of good and bad?
What is the middle of true and false?
Good and True. Bad and False. Bad and True. Good and False. 
Prophet is kind of fucking addictive
Prophet attempts to enable thought as fast as possible
Is it good? Is it true?
Is it good? Is it true?
Is it good? Is it true?
Gonna mothafukken quantify knowledge
A formal bet
Cognicists are pacificts but also pro-controlled growth. 
Patrick's "who" myth will be incorporated into the introduction to the site
A who can be an idea, but they can't be a you without a verifiable identity
Better living through data
"Scientist, study thyself" #scienceproverb
Prophet enables whos to separate their own ideas, from the ideas of the creed they adhere by. 
We see the light. The light of day, and life. And it is good. And it is true.
War is bad. War is false. 
Reality is good. Reality is true.
A who tries to express itself to others. 
Is it good? Is it true? Is it new?
Truth. Goodness. Newness.
A who can embody a thing, if they become the most predictive in that context. 
Swipe through "starter thoughts", expand on ones you like to see the context. Click to go to related thoughts in a new tab.
Prophet is *the* place for thought experiments
Rating is a very simple action
You rate in one mode at a time (good, true, new)
A user can be good, true, and novel
Experiments with language
Some whos may not know truth
Some whos may not be prophetic, but they know truth when they see it,
Novelty, Truthiness, Goodness
Novelty. Truthiness. Righteousness.
Matt is learning how to fully understand ideas
Cognicists worship the who, the you, the new, the true, and the good. 
Can many whos be a you?
Why was that last statement in third person?
Can many yous be a you?
"In the beginning there was the word"
Reflecting is when you somehow, comment or react to a thought made in the past. 
Humans like novelty, goodness, and trueness.
Reflecting is hard to hammer down.
Today was a prophetic day
Manfred would totally be into Cognicism
Manfred would totally be into Cognicism
I lost the thought
"No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible" 
This image illustrates a key hurdle to the success of Cognicism: http://i.imgur.com/aE4v3Uz.jpg
The fact that Patrick has posted 160+ posts on Prophet is incredible considering he seems to rarely use other social meda
The use of the word "truth" plays better into the Cognicist goal than "Foresight" or "Prescience" 
The color of the buttons wont stay as is. 
What is the color of consciousness?
Prophet will be suitable for use by all ages and teach children what thoughts are private and what thoughts are public
This is about optimization in a way http://goo.gl/2dXX93
"Newton was not the first of the age of reason. He was the last of the magicians" - John Maynard Keynes
" When my information changes, I alter my conclusions. What do you do?" - John Maynard Keynes
#defaultText "Speak the truth"
#newConcept A village of villages
Prophet needs to be deployable on any system, but each installation should be able to communicate with other installations
How does an idea go from could, to should, to will? 
Within the site, users and ideas are somewhat similar. 
Speak through many different voices = The way a context functions for a user, is that it feels like switching to another user. 
Speak AS other ideas
Speak through other ideas
The only idea you can OWN on prophet is you. But you can maintain private information, and private representations of thoughts. 
Even if Prophet only succeeds in making Matt think better, that is a huge success
Each installation of Prophet is has it's own Tree of Knowledge built from the public trees of each user
Prophet will help redefine privacy in the 21st century
Each version of Prophet is a codification of a communities knowledge 
Prophet will help define the rights of the individual vs the rights of the organization. 
Prophet is a think tank that eliminates groupthink 
"Are you speaking as a person or as an idea?"
"Speak as an idea"
Prophet itself, is the Prophet
Ideas can't be owned, but ideas can be kept private
When does an organization become an organism?
Mimi will get home between 8:35 and 8:45
How does our mind ascertain that it doesn't have enough information such that it needs to form a question?
Color will be very important in Prophet design
Isn't it odd that the moment you *need* to speak a thought, no thought comes?
I have not discussed the neural imagery that occurs while these thoughts present themselves
A you is an embodied idea
A who is just a disembodied idea
Quantifying truth in language. What a thought. 
How much data can be recorded about a thought, while still allowing a steady rate of thought genesis
How odd is it that an idea can lead men to death?
Thought genesis? 
The thought comes before the words
Don't stay in local optima. Life is about exploring. 
Apply the mind
The language changes, and that is good.
Why was that last statement in third person?
Matt is trying to find the root of knowledge
Who speaks for a who, who cannot speak? 
The site might have a functionality whereby users could post as ideas. As if the idea were a thing to embody and make posts AS. 
You have to rely on truth to get to righteousness
By 2040 there will be people who record and analyze every moment of their life. 
Who is the questioner? 
Thoughts interweave
Many Matts speak to eachother
The decider is small
#words #clarify
Why do water and truth seem close?
To restate a thought is to clarify it... 
Speak the truth VS Seek the truth as main modes of Prophet
Can healthy be well defined?
#emphasis Many users might just be seeking the truth rather trying to say it. Many of us don't know the answers.
Many whos will come seeking answers
What's wrong with probing the center of truth?
Who is the speaker?
Bridge the neural gap
Very different contexts do not mix well, need something to bridge the gap. 
Does it make logical sense for there to be multiple I's?
Who is the observer?
Creation AND exploration of ideas. As well as getting them to rate somehow : /
Prophet will suggest answers based on your questions. Answers will arrive later, not immediately. 
Who -> You -> gaps -> Analyst -> gaps -> Prophet -> Speaker
What types of content will be the default for new users? 
Before you're aware, you're a who. 
"Breaking a neural dam"
Users will be able to rate their content multiple times
Can you rate in context?
A formal bet
#Ad "Prove it"
A righteous who takes from the tree of knowledge and gives back to it. 
You can rate again... in different contexts
No one is fully righteous or true 
Animations can be very useful in explaining an idea
How long before voting closes on thoughts?
Remember the story about OK Cupid and their personality / looks scores.
Pursue knowledge 
The longer Prophet is around, the funner it will be to use it
I am hacking my brain
In uncertain times, reflect.
We may pair with Google for "Ask"
Self education leads the way
I want a list of my "Top Virtues"
We will evaluate potential employees with the tool itself
If anything, dreams are testing falsities, not truths. 
@patch615 Watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ASOqXiWBVo&feature=youtu.be
"The data doesn't speak for itself"
"A sense of self requires a sense of others"
"Comparison is the seed of thought" - Patrick Hanners
Before Object Permanence arises, infants are not conscious
Memory is necessary for consciousness
A thing is conscious if it is aware of things that aren't present
"The mind seeks truth"
Absolute truths relative to anything outside the self are unknowable
Sometimes I feel like Cognicism and Prophet are symbiotes and I'm their willing host
Without memory, truth can not be known. 
A truth can be true from one perspective, and false from another. 
Seek the truth. Know the truth. Speak the truth. 
No single observer has a full perspective of reality, and therefore can not claim to know anything in full. 
There is no "best" way of knowing
Speak the truth VS Seek the truth as main modes of Prophet
Science asks what is true, Religion asks what is good. Cognicism and Prophet ask both. 
What percentage of thoughts are prophetic?
What is good typically results in greater averaged life satisfaction
Question your truth
Should I do anything else tonight or should I end it here?
Don't be afraid to change your mind
I need to find a means to display thought type
Next step is to get views templates working
A formal bet
"Word means are vectors of properties"
Word embeddings are important
Typically there is no singular meaning to a sentence. 
I don't speak math well 
Words map to meaning relative to context
Today is a pivot day
7 tabs max?
A truth built on false truths will not stand 
Why can humans only hold 7 (plus or minus 2) thoughts in our active memory?
Should certain times of the day be roped off for "reflecting"?
It would be interesting to explore my "top virtues" through time
"Word meanings are vectors of properties"
Per user models are necessary to capture meaning accurately. Should be hosted on user device. 
What percentage of my day do I spend on Prophet?
What percentage of my day do I spend thinking?
It all equals one
What is the best way to visually indicate thought type?
I will leave for the store before 10:00am today. 
What should the Stream of Consciousness look like? 
Why have I always been drawn to creativity? 
Start by getting stream of consciousness view templates working
Research vectors of meaning for sentences
Step 1) Get testing data
Step 1) Get testing data
Need a way to link thoughts on the site together 
The thought speaks
Word and sentence meaning vectors will provide a lot of functionality on Prophet 
Logoff = "The mind sleeps"
The Mind is a collection of many minds, separate and equal, also as one. 
Speak, Dream, and Seek
"The mind speaks to itself"
"The mind ponders to itself" 
"The mind speaks quietly"
"The mind triumphantly proclaims" 
For rating now
Back to posting actually
The mind s
"The mind yearns" 
Basically, each set of combinations of settings, ratings, dates, context and button clicked, will result in a sentence produced 
Each "instareflection" will be posted at the top of the page, and users will be able to rate it exactly like any other thought
Each instareflection will be automatically linked to the thought it reflected, but users can disagree and detach. 
Each instareflection will be automatically linked to the thought it reflected, but users can disagree and detach. 
In this way Prophet automatically has a call and response of thoughts with the user
So every important action on Prophet, no matter how granular, has a unique callback sentence or phrase. 
"The mind has a strange intuition"
"The mind yearns in secret"
Every thought about a thought is a reflection. 
Maybe people can edit these auto meta thoughts. 
"The mind declares a formal bet"
"The mind casually states"
During a formal bet your can wager up to half of your collected truth
When every action on the site has a thought call back, the site interaction becomes more like a conversation
"The mind speaks openly"
Each sentence should have multiple potential callbacks which have been evaluated to have equal meaning.
"The mind hesitates"
"The mind dreams in private"
"The mind speaks freely"
"The mind enthusiastically agrees"
Make an excel sheet of all the possibilities and write potential callbacks 
"The mind scoffs" 
"The mind dreads"
"The mind anticipates enthusiastically" 
Make equality vectors for these statements. 
"The mind longs" 
"The mind casually hopes" 
"The mind warily disagrees" 
"The mind reflects"
"The mind disagrees without preference"
"The mind knows without opinion"
Thought and Idea are base "classes". Reflection, prediction, statement, and question are all "subclasses" of thought.
A context is a collection of thoughts. 
A reflection, is a thought about another thought.
If I was able to set the context of what I was speaking about, data captured about each thought would skyrocket. 
A rating is a reflection, and therefore a thought, which should have a text representation generated
Prophet is attempting to capture high level meaning
By golly, I think he's got it boys!
A reflection, is a thought about another thought.
A question is a special type of thought that requests a reflection
Don't forget that context literally means "with text"
A prediction is a special type of thought that requests a reflection in the present and in the future
"The mind speaks in whispers" (private -> state)
"The mind secretly dreams" (private->predict)
"The mind speaks openly" (public->state)
"The mind proclaims a vision" (public -> predict)
"The mind ponders to itself" (private -> ask)
"The mind seeks outward for truth" (public -> ask)
Half of machine learning / AI is just creating ways to collect valuable data. 
"""The mind requests reflection"" (public -> ask)	"
Meaning of a set of words can be completely different in different contexts
Strong AI will be heavily influenced by sparse distributed representations of meaning
If a thought is multiple sentences, it is multiple thoughts. 
Why I do I often feel like 7 is a number of great significance?
Patrick and I are Apostles of the mind
Patrick and I are Apostles of the mind
"Information is my crack" - Patrick Hanners
Elizabeth Warren will run for president at some point in the future. 
Matt and Mimi will not eat pork in the month of August
"It can't be helped"
Blankets are one of the first things we tie ideas to
Homunculi
"It can't be helped" 
Seek out old truths
What were my three rules in college?
What were Patrick's three rules in college?
Link thoughts
Will creates thought
every time you post maybe you get truth points. Must spend to rate.
Truth is the currency
major deja vu on attack on titan
Truth is the currency on Prophet
You can earn truth by posting, but if you give yourself a lot of truth and people disagree you can go negative maybe
How do I convert the current rating system to "truth betting" without losing data? 
"Groups aren't asswads, individuals are asswads" tee-north
Can there be limits to how much truth you earn?
Predictions are shown from the past with no context (no user listed, no previous rating to influence vote)
@patch615 What were our other truths from college? 
"Shikata ga nai" - College Patrick Hanners
Humans tie ideas to other ideas. Thats why we look to our mothers as anchors. 
Comments are reflections linked to thoughts 
Patrick will try Modafinil at some point. 
Make a cognitive widget that shows a graph of "goodness and trueness" and requests users describe these feelings with words. 
"The mind proclaims" 
One should not eat things one believes to be intelligent. 
"It's all in the I of the beholder" - Patrick Hanners
Need a way to link thoughts
Repeat true thoughts
How much dimensionality does a user have in terms of rating content?
I will pitch Prophet to Karl Keefer before the end of 2014
Karl will be intrigued by Prophet
"Truth" will be as secure as other modern cryptocurrencies
Karl would be interest in working on the "truth cryptocurrency"
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subjective_theory_of_value
Don't edit past thoughts. Even if there are typos. 
https://www.ethereum.org/
Prophet should be decentralized, with centralized instances
We are the universe experiencing itself
Humans gained their initial intelligence through predation
A mind exerts will over a body
What is the easiest way to input and represent time?
LENR will break (go viral) before the end of 2014
Filter by thought type
How many ways can you earn truth on the site?
Need a way to link thoughts
What does a one star rating mean?
Focus on the information
Thought, Truth, and Stream of Consciousness are solid concepts. 
Old thoughts need a way to call back to the present. 
I have need for other buttons. Commandments? Declarations? How many? Which?
Right now Prophet is completely focused on the prediction aspect, and has no reflection aspect other than rating and commenting.
How do you keep the system fair?
Is there a max bet on truth? 
Downsample
Keep the site simple
How many verbs? 
#words Proclaim
To link, click and hold to drag and select multiple thoughts. Then "link them".
Speak, Dream, and Seek
Linking is a thought and therefore should have a reflection delared
Stars, Future, Earth, Beauty, Truth
Observe, Declare, Proclaim, Suggest
Homunculi
Need a way to collapse thoughts 
Will creates thought
Similarity
Express
Seek out old truths
Goodness might be free on the site. Needs reflection from different angles in mind. 
Reflections block is WAY too big
Patrick and I are neophytes in Cognicism
Right now I will use "truth" as goodness when I shouldn't 
A formal bet is guaranteed promotion in the future
Except for in a formal bet
Theres a limit on how much people can bet on a thought
Truth is the currency. Goodness is free. 
Truth has to be a currency because it has to mean something
How much truth is a thought worth? How much is a reflection worth? 
Goodness can be subjective, but truth at least has SOME basis in objectivity.
Anything thats rated as being true gets a callback in the future.
You earn truth on Prophet by proving your truths.
Private thoughts, though accurate shouldn't receive public truth. 
Goodness is just upvote downvote. Truth needs granularity. 
Why hasn't the smart shuffle concept spontaneously arisen yet?
Truth will inherit features from various cryptocurrencies
By 2080, the majority of manufacturing and energy production, will be done in space. 
Prophet should try to answer users questions first, and if it can't they should be crowdsourced
Thoughts are easy, words are hard.
I lost the thought
The idea is independent of the word
Flow
Speak it
The mind speaks -> watch prompt
The mind seeks -> watch prompt
Language experiments
Thought experiments
My desk is brown
Dreamz is just so lu$h
"Lofty is good bro" - Patrick Hanners
"Lofty distilled is good" - Patrick Hanners
Click next on node page
1 minute to delete
Prophet is "natural language programming" 
The always comes before the word
The thought is greater than the word
The the thought always comes before the word
Prophet: Speaking to the future
Worth or Value?
Patrick and I will record an album or EP before the end of 2020
I need to start work on a "Memory Palace"
While Wikipedia is more about a complete representation of knowledge, Cognicism is more about downsampling that knowledge.
lifeOS is a means through software to live peacefully together. 
What does each consciousness you have a right to within lifeOS?
I'm a You
The words are the genotype, the meaning is the phenotype. 
How does meaning change and evolve over time?
The "Observer" of the Mind will at first describe actions taken by users
How do I convert current Truth scores to a currency? 
Swipe to see next Thought
Coinage is better than rating for Truth
On Prophet, dissenting opinions are inherently given the opportunity to prove their truth
A rate of one truth also earns one truth? 
Maybe a rating widget will show a live update to suggested truth bet
Each rating is still net positive 1 for Truth
A formal bet is the only way to bet more than the default truth
If you rate a five you would get 5 truth
Each rate will give you 10 truth, of which you can rate on truth. 10 earns you no truth, but has greater potential winnings.
If you rate 1, you would get 9 truth
And so on
Economics of Truth need to be sorted out
Each rating produces Truth, some of which can be kept, other which can be bet
Optimize economics on user engagement
Good is for free, Truth must be earned
Those with the most truth are the top seers
A thought triggers a thought
On OKC, looks should have been free to rate, but personality should have to be earned by saying things about yourself 
Truth as a currency solves the OK Cupid looks / personality dilemma
Prophet will successfully pull off two dimensionalities of rating
Users earn small amounts of Truth for contributing content to the site, and large amounts for persistent content.
I need to get a handle on the templating for each important block. 
Artists are invited to paint thoughts for large amounts of truth. In the language of the site that would be a paraphrase.
Extra points for describing why a thought is true
Rating must be net positive Truth.
Ideas can be vindicated in the future on Prophet
Maybe each rating earns 5 truth... Anything above 5 comes from the users wallet...
Each thought earns 5 truth as well
Basically the idea is, the max normal bet is double what the post earns. Regardless of subdivision. 
Need to figure out the Economics of Truth
The words are the genotype, the meaning is the phenotype
Gods were the original placeholder ideas for the unknown 
Prove it will become synonymous with a call to use Prophet
You can't amass truth, you have to maintain it. 
Truth will be constantly evaluated and redistributed at various intervals 
"You might call it automatic mind mapping" 
How does new Truth get created?
Every thought has the POTENTIAL to create Truth perhaps
"If anything is my god, it's knowledge"
Retrace your steps
Retrace your steps
http://benanne.github.io/2014/08/05/spotify-cnns.html
Meaning can successfully be digitally represented with sparse distributed representations 
In 10 years there’s no way we willl be doing music recommendation based on meta data. 
You can't own an idea
Do human social structures necessarily need to be hierarchical?
With all the information available, what should one attend to?
Invest in what you eat, and where you sleep
Who said that?
"The cackling echoes of a withered mind" 
Explore Permanence
Speak to me Prophet
Who is the observer?
Users will engage with Prophet in a human way.
Who is the questioner? 
Searching for the word
Searching
Each consciousness has a unique vision of reality
The thought is greater than the word
Prophet is a mind virus
Dreams is just so lush
One minute to delete predictions
Programming will structure your mind, and lead the way.
Programming will structure your mind, and lead the way.
Flow
Speaker for the Mind
Flow of thoughts
Consciousness behaves as a fluid through a physical plain of time
Why does consciousness seem so much to be a fluid?
"Up in the clouds"
"Imaginary Rumblings"
Cannabis will be legal in California by 2020
Cannabis will be legal federally by 2030
A Cognicist can have a faith or belief in god. The difference is that a Cognicist is guided by their conscience over scripture.
I feel some measure of anxiety
The more good, the more luminous the good button
Thoughts with less good or truth are more opaque
Collect signs and symbols that state meaning clearly
As your truth grows, your tree grows
⌒
Implement opacity idea on rows
Prophet will be heavily integrated with Machine Learning
Is there a way to define subjectivity vs objectivity on the site? 
Is there a better way to express the Reflection concept?
Echoes
Users will be willing to learn how to use Prophet if it truly makes them think better
The Quantified Mind
Prophet helps one find Truth within themselves
Thought provoking
What are the economics of Truth?
Will creates thought
Patrick is experiencing a flood. Or he's in a state of flow. 
I wonder if patrick will respond to me in our currently combined stream
Rating in two dimensions is not proving to be an issue
Our two streams have converged into a single [larger than a stream smaller than a river concept]
Prophet quantifies thought
Does patrick like the good rating system? Is it useful?
A shadow of a mind can be recreated from saved thoughts. 
Interaction between two streams is like a conversation, but different somehow...
I find myself not wanting to miss any thoughts. How do I make clear that I've already read something?
Conversations unbound from time. 
The mind speaks. Peace. 
I've got to go. Mimi wants bed.
Echo could be a button
How much data can be recorded about a thought, while still allowing a steady rate of thought genesis? [echo]
Prior to today, Patrick only had one Ask. Why the sudden change?
The mind sleeps
Speak to Me Prophet
What is the relation between the recent changes to the site and Patricks increased usage?
Want to truth and good comments
Comments are just thoughts about thoughts
Can we distinguish between subjective and objective truth on the site?
Patricks recent flash flood resulted in VERY useful data
A hypothesis can oddly be a state, ask or predict
Maybe there should be a clarify or elaborate thought on each thought
Is there a way to capture a thought without meaning loss?
Is there a way to track how much meaning is received be a user?
Apple really doesn't make that good of products
Can misinterpretation be a good thing
Is here a way to log a thought and translate it such that no meaning is lost between users?
The callbacks idea will help solidify meaning of a thought
Ask is for questions you don think you'd be able to answer with google.
Add rating callbacks sooner rather than later
Which potential prophet jargon has pat picked up on the most?
If I built a tree of knowledge from pats and my meaning regarding Prophet, how would they look?
Did Pat not think of Prophet for thought logging until yesterday?
Pat had some really thought provoking thoughts last night
Can hypothesis be automatically evaluated by Prophet?
Removing truth ratings from Ask was a good idea
Prophet is a gen 3 social network
What triggers synthesis of a Prediction?
Why are predictions so much rarer?
Can predictive behavior be predicted by previous thoughts?
Optimize on user engagement
Prophet will feature innovative Ui 
Prophet quantifies thought
Female contexts
We need more contexts on the site
There will be some people who call Prophet blasphemous
The mind passionately disagrees
What is the best gender less pronoun?
I will make a mock mini stream context page thingy for Andy before the weekend
Rereading my past message to Andy will respark me into that context
Prophet Quantifies Truth
Ask -> State -> Predict
Prophet Quantifies Thought
By the end of 2014 I will no longer be working on Meerkat
The stream waters the tree
Automatic Mind Mapping
The stream of consciousness waters the tree of knowledge
Tap to add truth
Wallet widget
Prophet is a knowledge tool
Prophet could be used for note taking
Prophet is useful for collaborative learning
Prophet helps you evaluate hypotheses
Questions don't have Truth because they have uncertainty
Prophet is a collaborative thinking tool
How should we represent time on Prophet?
Prophet is best on tablet
Meerkat will benefit from user context
Prophet is good on smartwatch
You can't earn truth from a comment unless you rate it maybe
Rate things again in different contexts
Does truth water the tree of knowledge?
How long does it take for another persons thought to show up in your stream?
Comment block should be "thought block" but it auto links thoughts. Same buttons mebe
Can you privately reflect upon a persons thought? 
Imagine that, private commenting. Interesting concept.
In geography, a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water
Wave
Echo
Consciousness is a wave on the stream of consciousness
New favorite tool: http://www.semantic-link.com/
Foretelling 
Meaning
Similar to Tree of Knowledge concept: http://www.snappywords.com/
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=prediction
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=context
Current of the stream of consciousness
You take a breath at realization. Why?
Inspiration literally means taking in breath. Like a literal AHA. 
Not much is known about context: http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=context
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=higher+cognitive+process
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=train+of+thought
Excogitation
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=Thinking
Brainstorm
Contrivance
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=paraphrase
Vision
Double click a branch to show thoughts related to the idea
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=ideate
http://www.snappywords.com/?lookup=prevision
Im not sure if I like the word Ken, but the meaning of it is perfect
Ken is the range of perception, understanding, or knowledge
Ken = One's range of knowledge or sight.
In one's Ken
Beyond one's ken
Ken is range of knowledge or perception 
Prophet could estimate your total known vocabulary
Can we visualize how distant ones tree of knowledge is?
Downsample
Vaticinate means to foretell the future
Is it possible to generate a list of every word I know?
Eludicate
If a stream is easy to understand it's translucent or clear
Luculent means clear in thought or expression
When the current of a stream is rapid, it is likely to be less luculent to others
Painting with thoughts
Auto generated pictures from thoughts maybe
Trying to paint visual picture about Prophet
Pursue the needs of the many in equal amounts as the needs of the self
Is this the first time I've used the word "paint" on Prophet?
Painting an idea with thoughts
Tabula Rosa
Nous means the mind or intellect
Noesis means cognition especially when occurring through direct knowledge
Paint a picture with the truth
The mind forms ideas through will
Nous is the faculty of the human mind for understanding what is true or real
True and Real are not equivalent.
Belief is a state of the mind in which a subject roughtly regards a thing to be true
One can downsample a thought
Simplify = Downsample
Don't get too lost in the Philosophy and the words. Ground and simplify. 
Thought should generally have purpose
What ideas are important?
What maps the words to the ideas?
Click and drag a line to link any two thoughts
One tethers thoughts 
Tether
Colligate means to bring (isolated facts) together by an explanation or hypothesis that applies to them all
Red, green, and yellow are subsumed under the term “color”
To subsume means to include or place within something larger or more comprehensive
Apperception is the mental process by which a person makes sense of an idea by assimilating it to the body of ideas he or she al
To apperceive is to perceive in terms of a past experience
Additive thoughts...
Entangle thoughts...